Looks like the Moonshot AI team is back
again, and this time around, they might
have just dropped one of the best
open-source models yet. Allow me to
introduce the Kim K 2.6, an advanced
open-source coding model. And this is
something that can run hours
autonomously. It can handle long horizon
execution, manages thousands of tool
calls, and even design production ready
websites with real taste. Now,
benchmark-wise, this is where things get
wild, cuz the Kim K 2.6 is hitting
state-of-the-art results across
benchmarks like Swaybench, yeah, browser
comp, and even advanced math and vision
task. It performs on par with or even
beating models like Opus 4.6, Gemini 3.1
Pro, and GPT 5.4 High, which is honestly
crazy because this is an open- source
model going head-to-head with
proprietary giants. And it's not just
competitive, it's efficient. We're
talking about 94% approximately cheaper
on input and 95% cheaper on output
compared to Opus 4.6, which still is
outperforming it on Swaybench Pro. Just
take a look at the output. The model can
generate beautiful, highly interactive
websites with actual design taste, not
just generic AI layouts. It focuses much
more on aesthetic tones. It's able to
focus on the typography, the dynamic
movements, everything that should be
there for a beautiful front end. And
it's actually able to thoroughly work
upon it like something that even
proprietary models struggle with. Not
just that, it gets deeper cuz the Kim K
2.6 is something that has strong long
horizon coding capabilities where it is
something that introduces 12 plus hour
autonomous coding sessions. It has the
ability to use 4,000 plus tool calls in
a single run. You can have up to 300
parallel agents working together. Strong
multi- language full stack development
from a single prompt. And the thing is
this isn't just a coding model. It's a
fullon execution agent that is able to
work upon this engine that can execute
anything. And that is all with the agent
swarms enabled because it can take
something like building quantitative
strategies across hundreds of assets and
then turn them into full financial
models, structured data sets and even
polished McKenzie style presentations
all in one workflow. Something cool that
Kim K 2.6 had done was identified 30
retail stores in Los Angeles without
official websites from Google Maps. It
then generated highly converting landing
pages for each of them, demonstrating
opportunity discovery and end-to-end
execution, which is just incredible. If
you want the best AI tools, workflows,
and drops before everyone else, join my
free newsletter with the link in the
description below, which is completely
free. And what I really like about Kim
K's 2.6's long horizon execution is that
it can enable autonomous agents that can
run for days. You can have it so that
you can manage real world tasks like
monitoring. You have incident response.
You also have cross-platform operations
without human input, which significantly
improves reliability and performance
over the Kim K 2.5 with better API
handling. You have long running
stability and higher task completion
across multiple workflows. Pricing wise,
the model is priced at 95 cents per 1
million input tokens and $4 per 1
million output tokens and just 16 cents
per million on cache hits which is one
of the most costefficient higherformance
models out there right now. It also has
a 256k
context window so it can handle code
bases and long workflows without
breaking. You can easily get started
through kimmy.com where you can
essentially just use kimmy k2.6 6
directly through their chatbot. Another
way is accessing it through their API or
you can use Kimi code which they offer a
lot of different plans to get higher
usage to use it within their harness.
Another option is using it through Kilo
code which is an open- source coding
agent and this is something that also
works really well with the KIK 2.6 and
if you're looking to use another API
router you can use open router and the
model weights are available through
hugging face if needed. To start things
off, just take a look at what the Kim K
2.6 was capable of generating here. It
was requested to create a website with
real design taste. And you can see that
it was able to output using image and
video generation APIs to build a
standout hero section with visuals
automatically. And you can see that
there's different dynamic movements.
There's videos that have been added to
the landing page. And you can see that
it was able to do this right directly
within the Kimmy chatbot. Now something
I want to also specify is that the Kimi
models come with four different
specialized modes. You have the instant
for quicker responses thinking that uses
deep research for complex questions. The
agent mode which is able to focus on
specialized skills like research slides,
websites, docs and sheets which also
uses additional tools. And then you have
agent swarms which is where it is able
to work on long horizon tasks much
better. And it is going to take a bit
longer, but you're going to be able to
get qualitative execution done. And this
is what I mean. When you are to prompt
anything with the agent mode enabled,
it's able to use multiple tools and it's
able to execute upon your prompt
thoroughly. And you can see that with
this landing page that it had generated
where it's able to even incorporate
other APIs to incorporate the visuals,
whether that's videos or even images.
And you can see that with all of these
different components. And I just truly
love the qualitative output, especially
due to this model being super efficient.
Like for example, if you give it a
prompt with Asian mode enabled, it's
able to thoroughly even generate images
for you. And that is the capability of
Asian mode cuz it is able to execute
with higher complexity. Honestly guys,
the front-end capability of this model
is truly exceptional. And I truly
believe that it is even better than Opus
4.7 in certain cases. Just take a look
at the quality that's able to output for
this long horizon task that I had given
it where I'm telling it to become a
creative front-end developer and it did
an exceptional job and all the dynamic
movements it did also great with the
typography as well as thoroughly coding
out everything I had requested. Next up
is our iconic Mac OS browserbased task.
And this is where we're trying to see
how well it is in terms of proficiently
generating a mimicked Mac OS style the
operating system. You have the bottom
toolbar, but what I like right away is
that each individual icon or sorry
application icon has been generated with
SVG. You have the launchpad which is
nice to see. You have settings, notes,
the PDF viewer which is a unique new app
that it has added. Safari has been coded
out. You also have VS Code. Let's
actually take a look at this in a bigger
view. You have a terminal that has been
also generated. But what I really like
is that they have created all the
elements of VS Code. You have settings.
And what I really like with this is that
if you go to appearance, you have the
ability to change it to dark mode. And
what is this?
I'm not doing anything. I didn't even
prompt this, guys.
Oh,
wait. Was this a part of the prompt?
Oh, it added a prank effect to my
generation. Sorry about that, guys. I
truly did not know about that. But now
back to the Mac OS overview. We have a
notes app that has been added. And this
looks really like a Mac OS notes app.
You have a PDF here, which is definitely
nice to see cuz most models don't even
generate that. And what I am most
surprised about is the Minecraft clone.
I didn't even know that it generated a
Minecraft clone and it wasn't even
something that I had requested it to
generate. Now you have the ability to
actually move around. You can even break
blocks which is crazy. And I am truly
amazed as to seeing a Minecraft clone
being generated within my webOS clone of
a Mac OS. Next is where I was testing
out how proficient the model is in 3GS.
And this is where I had tested it on my
electric SUV off-road simulation prompt.
And this is what it had generated. This
is the simulation. And you can see that
it did a great job in terms of
accurately generating all of the
components of an off-road SUV. And this
is something that even added a slow
mode, which is something that I didn't
even ask it to do. And that is just
incredible cuz it's able to traverse
through the terrain. It also gives you
different camera angles. And I'm able to
actually control the slow mode as well,
which is something I'm doing right now.
This is actually better than what I had
previously saw from the Opus. Next, I
had created a 360 rotating product
viewer. And I got to say, this is one of
the better ends of generations that I've
gotten from most open source models cuz
this is where it created obviously the
3D design of an headset. You also have
the ability to auto rotate it, which is
something that most models don't do. But
the fact that it was able to depict the
shadow with the lighting for this 3D
viewer is incredible. I have the ability
to change different colors, I would
definitely want a better generation for
the product. But still, regardless, the
fact that it's able to focus on all
these components is great to see. Next,
I had requested it to create a realistic
butterfly and SVG code. And I got to say
it is really good at coding out various
components in SVG. It may need a little
work with the body, but I still give
this an 8 out of 10 due to it creating
the realistic wings. In SVG code, I had
requested it to create a painting and
this looks absolutely amazing. So in
SVG, I do think that the model is
exceptional with its generations. Just
for fun, I had requested it to animate
it and you can see that it did a great
job in animating the multiple birds
flying through the scene. Next up, what
we're going to be doing is now enabling
agents forms where we're going to have
it execute a long horizon task. But
what's crazy is someone actually created
a Linux system. And you can see that it
is thoroughly generated with all the
components. You have the user
authentication. You have the operating
system that was generated with
functional components which is just
insane guys. This is something that was
generated with the agent swarms where
multiple agents are executing upon all
of the individual tasks. And you can see
that everything has been coded out
thoroughly even the terminal as well as
the text editor where you have the
ability to even add in different
components to the editor itself. This is
the capability of the agent forms where
it's able to execute upon multiple tasks
and deploy multiple agents in parallel
to execute it. It may run longer, but
it's able to execute any task that you
give it. So this is where we're going to
give it a task to become a senior AI
analyst and produce a high concise
qualitative report on the market of AI
where we're going to have it discover
the current state of AI talk about the
key players the aentic AI trends as well
as real world use cases and when AGI
should be achieved and this is where it
is going to be able to thoroughly deploy
multiple agents with different sorts of
pools as well as cap capabilities to
help us execute this task. And what it
will do is plan it out and it will then
deploy those agents to work upon this
task. And remember guys, since the model
is exceptional with long horizon
execution, this is a model that won't
forget or elucinate based off of the
initial prompt. And currently it is
working on phase one, which is the
landscape scan, where it's going to be
able to do a deep research on AI
concepts. And you can see that it has
even created a specialized agent that
focuses on AI research itself. And
what's nice is that you have the ability
to track each agent's capability. And
what's nice is that you will be able to
manage each agent's task by clicking on
it to see where it's at in its
individual steps in accomplishing this
task. There we go. The agents form has
finally completed its task where it was
able to create a state of AI report. And
you can see that it is approximately
12,000 words with five chapters. And it
even adds in an executive summary. And
you can see the amount of sources that
it scoured to essentially develop this
beautiful detailed report on all the
five or six different uh structures that
I had requested it to focus on. And this
is the preview file, but it has also
listed out all the components like all
the charts that it has generated for
this report. But let's actually take a
look at the report itself. This is
exceptional guys. The fact that it's
able to even site it properly. It's able
to even focus on all the components,
adds in different charts, adds in
different diagrams to help explain the
topics that we had specified on it to
execute. And I really love how it was
able to thoroughly work with multiple
agents to get the task done. Something
that would probably take a human
multiple hours to execute is done within
minutes. If you like this video and
would love to support the channel, you
can consider donating to my channel
through the super thanks option below.
Or you can consider joining our private
Discord where you can access multiple
subscriptions to different AI tools for
free on a monthly basis, plus daily AI
news and exclusive content, plus a lot
more. That's about it, guys, for today's
video on the Kimik K 2.6. This is
definitely a great amazing advanced
open- source model that I highly
recommend that you take a look at,
especially it being costefficient and on
par with proprietary giants and in
certain cases even better. I'll leave
all these links in the description
below. But with that thought, make sure
you go ahead and subscribe to the second
channel, join the newsletter, join the
Discord, follow me on Twitter. Lastly,
make sure you guys subscribe, turn on
notification bell, like this video, and
please take a look at our previous
videos so that you can stay up to date
with the latest AI news. But with that
thought, guys, have an amazing day.
Spread positivity and I'll see you guys
really shortly.